Wrong reference (#35092)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/language/resources/provisioners/syntax.mdx

reason about what the provisioner does, the only way to ensure proper creation
of a resource is to recreate it. This is tainting.

> You can change this behavior by setting the `when` attribute,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change this behavior by setting the `on_failure` attribute to `continue`. Refer to [Failure Behavior](#failure-behavior) for additional information.
```
Per the style guide, we should use specific references instead of directional terms, such as "below" and "above".

> which is covered in detail below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
